FOCUS #252: Identifying custom columns (#252)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/attributes/datetime_format.md

Columns that provide date and time information conforming to specified rules and formatting requirements ensure clarity, accuracy, and ease of interpretation for both humans and systems.

> All columns capturing a date/time value, defined in the FOCUS specification, MUST follow the formatting requirements listed below. Custom date/time-related columns SHOULD also follow the same formatting requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All columns capturing a date/time value, defined in the FOCUS specification, MUST follow the formatting requirements listed below. Provider-defined date/time-related columns SHOULD follow the same formatting requirements.
```
